feat!: wip first naive json db semantic-conv (#63)
MapColonies/telemetry: src/semanticConventions/README.md

# Telemetry
## Semantic Conventions

> * This package goal is to provide flexible and easy to use auto-generated naming utils, such as attributes, names and constants. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This package goal is to provide flexible and easy to provide semantic conventions to be used for telemetry purposes across all of MapColonies services.
```

* Its based on OpenTelemetry [semantic-conventions](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/).

> * Each Domain define its own domain.json and pass it to validation & auto-generate Typescripts types and code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Each Domain define its own json file that describes the semantic conventions of the domain. The package handles the validation of the file and the generation of files for use in code.
```

> * Support Javascript & Typescript compatibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support Javascript & Typescript.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[!IMPORTANT]
If OpenTelemetry already defined a value as part of their semantic conventions, use that and do not define a new one
```

      "properties": {
        "propertyName": {
          "type": "string"
        },
        "kind": {
          "type": "string"
        },
        "description": {
          "type": "string"
        },
        "deprecated": {
          "type": "boolean"
        },
        "subAttributes": {
          "type": "object",
          "additionalProperties": {
            "$ref": "#/definitions/recursive"
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Convert json-schema definition into typescripts
running CLI (json2ts)

```bash
 npx json2ts schemas/cats.schema.json > scripts/cats.mts
```

Will expect ts autogenerated module with types

```typescript
/* eslint-disable */
/**
 * This file was automatically generated by json-schema-to-typescript.
 * DO NOT MODIFY IT BY HAND. Instead, modify the source JSONSchema file,
 * and run json-schema-to-typescript to regenerate this file.
 */

export interface ConventionSchema {
  domain?: string;
  content: AttributeDescription;
}
export interface AttributeDescription {
  propertyName: string;
  kind?: string;
  description: string;
  deprecated?: boolean;
  subAttributes?: {
    [k: string]: AttributeDescription;
  };
}
```

> 

Reviewer: As we talked, this is not needed, only short section on when and how to generate types
